I used to take every single press
appearance then I stopped
most just don't drive a Roi
it's actually better to say no because
when you focus yes you're gonna get
better results and when you don't Focus
you're gonna be spread thin on
everything and you're not going to get
the results that you're looking for
[Music]
all right so we're going to talk about
if you should take every single press
appearance press means it could be
getting interviewed onto a publication
or it can mean go to going to speak in
at a conference in let's say India or
something like that I used to take every
single press appearance I have kids then
I stopped and what I found out is where
there's press appearances podcasts
opportunities speaking appearances most
just don't drive a Roi they're good for
Branding but you need branding with the
right type of audience it's not about
how many followers you get or how
visitors you have it's about getting in
front of the right type of companies or
audience that would be your ideal buyers
and what I found is it's actually better
to say no when you say no you tend to
have more energy to focus on the right
stuff which just gets you much more
traffic in the long run
yep so I've learned over the years so I
I used to adopt them the the Neo
philosophy on take everything by the way
like I'm obviously very gracious or
grateful when people are asking because
it's it's an honor to be asked it means
that you are at least you're doing
something of value to it to one other
person right the first thing I'll say is
thank you so much for thinking of me
I've just a couple questions for you one
who is in your audience two what would
be a home run to your audience what type
of content would be a home run to your
audience and three what does your reach
look like and so for example they say oh
get on this podcast you know we do X Y
and Z okay okay yeah that's fine what is
your reach per episode so notice I'm not
asking about how many downloads they're
getting overall I'm just asking about
the reach per episode same thing with
like a YouTube video like what is your
what is the average viewership you're
getting uh per per podcast episode and
when you're going to speak at a
conference sure there might be like
thousands and thousands of people there
but for your specific one minute to to
go back to Eric's reach when you ask
people this make sure you you do your
own homework as well because I'll get
people who'd be a being like I have a
reach of 20 million people per month and
the number is just so big you just
quickly look at their social profiles
put in their website until let's say
like similar web and you just wake some
things off here or you can even look at
their podcast and see how many ratings
and reviews they have and it's such a
small number there's no way they have
that big of a reach you have to have
criteria you have to have an antenna
because I remember once I flew 14 hours
to Brazil I spoke on a panel and then we
talked about the most random marketing
stuff that had nothing to do with like
what I did mainly and I was just like
whoa I got thrown thrown in for a loop
because I didn't set any criteria I
didn't Define who my ideal client
profile was I didn't Define what kind of
outcomes I'm looking to get from
something like this and it wasn't the
right audience so ultimately it was my
fault but it takes an experience like
that to realize that you need to have
criteria
yeah and and this should be with
anything in your life whether it's new
business opportunities new marketing
opportunities
it's actually better to say no because
when you focus yes you're gonna get
better results and when you don't Focus
you're going to be spread thin on
everything and you're not going to get
the results that you're looking for
I did this with my team all the time not
just even with press opportunities but
with marketing opportunities you know
one of my guys who works for me solo
he's like dude we should buy this new
website for a hundred and something
thousand dollars look it has 12 000
visitors I was like
um like this is just a distraction you
know how many things we still have to do
that we haven't done for example we
haven't you know we expand to Spain and
we haven't done much Marketing in Spain
yet
um we're looking at expanding in the
Middle East and we haven't done much
marketing there I was like we already
get all these leads there in these
regions that we're not in right now why
don't we just focus on that because
that'll be direct Revenue opportunities
versus hey we're gonna go out there and
we're gonna go buy this website and
we're gonna spend all this time
integrating this site when we bought a
company a year ago and we still haven't
finished integrating it and we still
haven't finished making all the changes
that we need but yet we want to add
another one when we don't have the time
and the resources you you only have so
many resources and your attention your
time is perhaps your most valuable
resource so that is it for today please
don't forget rate for you to subscribe
hit us on YouTube as well and we'll see
you later now if you have any questions
leave a comment below I'm here to answer
them and help you out if you
thank you very much